docs: :memo: add workflow for making and merging stacked PRs (#239)
seedcase-project/team: how-we-work/workflow.qmd

    instructions. For instance:
    -   Write docstrings for every function, class, and method.
    -   Include type hints for both inputs and returns.

> ## Creating Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating pull requests
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to add something about non-stacked PRs here then?

Author: Yea, eventually. When we have something :relaxed:

### Stacking pull requests

A stacked pull request is when one pull request has been opened to merge

> into the main branch and then another pull request is opened to merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into the `main` branch and then another pull request is opened to merge
```

into that first pull request. See the diagram below for a visual
representation of this:

```{mermaid}
gitGraph
    commit
    branch first-pull-request
    checkout first-pull-request
    commit
    branch second-pull-request
    checkout second-pull-request
    commit
    checkout first-pull-request
    merge second-pull-request id: "merge commit"
    checkout main
    merge first-pull-request id: "squash merge"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

Stacking pull requests are useful when the task we are working on is
fairly large or modifies many files in different ways. We want to keep
pull requests small enough to be easily reviewed, as a pull request's

> change gets larger, it increasingly becomes harder to review. So to keep

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change gets larger, it becomes increasingly harder to review. So to keep
```

> them small enough but also ensure that the final pull request is atomic
> and "squashable", we stack pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each stacked pull request small while ensuring that the final pull request is atomic
and “squashable".
```

> But stacked pull requests are not without challenges. So when stacking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stacked pull requests are not without challenges. So, when stacking
```

pull requests, we aim to follow these guidelines:

> 1.  Firstly, try as much as possible to *not* stack pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Firstly, as much as possible, *avoid* stacking pull requests.
```

> 2.  If a stacked pull request is necessary, then clearly communicate
>     that it will be a stacked pull request in the description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  If a stacked pull request is necessary, then clearly communicate
    that it will be a stacked pull request in the description by clearly writing that this is a stacked pull request and linking to the relevant pull request(s).
```

> 3.  Then, the team member with merge permissions than will *not* merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Then, a team member with merge permissions will *hold off* merging
```
